Suppose you refresh the Terraform state to sync it with the actual infrastructure.
What might you expect to happen during the next apply operation if nothing has
changed manually?
2. If I already have existing resources in the cloud, how can I manage them using
Terraform?
3. I have two AWS accounts: Account A and Account B. I have a Lambda function in
Account A. How can I trigger this Lambda from Account B using a role?
4. How can we dynamically pass the Terraform backend configuration?
5. In ECS, which approach is better: one service with different task definitions or one
service per task definition? Why?
6. If I already have a container running on port 80 in ECS, can I run another container
using the same service?
7. In Terraform, how can I prevent a specific resource from being destroyed?
8. Why do we use provisioners in Terraform? Provide a use case with step-by-step
configuration.
9. Why do we use multi-stage builds in Docker? How is it helpful, and in what
scenarios should we use it?
10. When writing a Dockerfile, have you thought about where the base image actually
comes from and how Docker retrieves it?
11. What are the different types of roles used in ECS task definitions? Which role is
used for which scenario?
12. What are the different routing policies available in Route 53?
13. How does failover routing work in Route 53? In which scenarios should we use it?
14. If I already have an ECS application using an ALB, can I deploy another
application using the same ALB? If yes, how? Explain the steps.
What is a critical service in Kubernetes?
16. What is etcd in Kubernetes, and what kind of data does it store?
17. What is an ingress in Kubernetes? Why do we use ingress instead of services
alone?
18. Your QA team needs to run automated tests on every pull request. How would you
support them using GitHub Actions?
19. What happens when I run terraform init?
20. What information is stored in .terraform.lock.hcl? How is it useful?
21. You're switching branches during a hotfix, but don’t want to lose your current
work. Later, you want to clean up commit history before merging. Which Git
features can help in each case?
22. Have you ever encountered a Terraform state lock issue? What caused it, and how
did you identify and resolve the problem

Anil:
1. Tell me about yourself?
2. I want to deploy 10 ec2 instances in dev env and 20 ec2 instances in production env how can i deploy using terraform 
3. How can you import existing resources into terraform and what is the command need to use to import ?
4. what are the data types in terraform?
5. what is permission boundary in iam?
6. How can we store sensitive information in terraform and how it integrates with aws services?
7. My statefile is in remote backend, now i want to make changes manually in terraform statefile how can i do changes?
8. Can i pass child module inputs in root module if yes, how can i explain it?
9. How can i reduce the cost in ecs fargate and how you save the cost with spot instances?
10. How can you integrate oidc with gitub actions workflows?
11. What are the monitoring services in AWS?
12. How can i use zero down time deployment in aws ecs?
13. What are the services we can use to store secrets in AWS?
14. Is scaling is supported in AWS Ecs Fargate, how ?
15. How can i use my application dependencies in AWS Lambda?
16. How can i schedule an event in Aws Lambda?

kasi:
1. Self Introduction?
2. What is the toughest challange you faced in your previous organization?
3. What are policies's will you attach to api gateway to invoke lambda function?
4. Troubleshooting steps for pod in crashloopbackoff in k8s?
5. Upgrading procedure for a EKS cluster?
6. About taints, toleration , affinities?
7. How do you delete any particular resource from terraform?
8. How you use multi cloud in terraform?
9. What are the best practices you can use in GitHub workflow?
10. About lambda step functions & with real time usecase?
11. Explain the life cycle configuration in S3?
12. Explain the Lambda function and why do we use it?
13. what is meant by metrics?
14. Terraform multiple account resource creation witl same configuration & about workspace?
15. Type of resource names & how to attach policies to iam role with terraform configuration?
16. If i want to run single pod in a specific az how to achieve this?
17. About lambda step functions & real time usecase?
18. Asked about terraform code explaination?
